README.md, before:

# French Vocabulary Learning Game

A web-based game to help you learn French vocabulary and verb conjugations.

## Live Demo

You can try the game online at: [https://zaiddabaeen.github.io/french-refresher/](https://zaiddabaeen.github.io/french-refresher/)

## Features

- Practice vocabulary with different word categories (verbs, nouns, adjectives, adverbs, pronouns, prepositions)
- Verb conjugation practice in multiple tenses (present, imparfait, futur)
- Track your progress and accuracy
- Word history with correct/incorrect answers
- Clean and responsive design

## How to Use

1. Select a category from the tabs at the top
2. Type the English meaning of the French word
3. Click "Submit" or press Enter to check your answer
4. Use "Reveal Answer" if you need help
5. For conjugation practice, select the "Conjugation" tab and practice different verb forms

## Development

To run the game locally:

1. Clone the repository
2. Open `index.html` in your web browser

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript (Vanilla)

Commit message:

custom tab for specific words using Chrome local AI

README.md, after:

# French Vocabulary Learning Game

A web-based game to help you learn French vocabulary and verb conjugations.

## Live Demo

You can try the game online at: [https://zaiddabaeen.github.io/french-refresher/](https://zaiddabaeen.github.io/french-refresher/)

## Features

- Practice vocabulary with different word categories (verbs, nouns, adjectives, adverbs, pronouns, prepositions)
- Verb conjugation practice in multiple tenses (present, imparfait, futur)
- Track your progress and accuracy
- Word history with correct/incorrect answers
- Clean and responsive design

## How to Use

1. Select a category from the tabs at the top
2. Type the English meaning of the French word
3. Click "Submit" or press Enter to check your answer
4. Use "Reveal Answer" if you need help
5. For conjugation practice, select the "Conjugation" tab and practice different verb forms

## Development

To run the game locally:

1. Clone the repository
2. Open `index.html` in your web browser

For local development and testing, it's recommended to use Python's built-in HTTP server to avoid CORS issues:

```bash
python3 -m http.server
```

Then open `http://localhost:8000` in your web browser.

## Technologies Used

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JavaScript (Vanilla)
